We are wanting really to integrate fully wiht the BSV            
  blockchain. We've already created some integrations for our users, but    
  I'm thinking htat we could be charging a very tiny amount for each        
  interation with the site and giving $BOASE tokens in return. Ther'es a    
  bit of a problem wiht distributing tokens at the point of sale but we've  
  created token accounts for our users too as per the moneybutton2          
  architecture, so users shoud be able to have multiple different tokens    
  int hier accounts wiht us and it should all be protected by multsig..     
  (not sure). Anyway, the point is that tokens like $BOASE token can act as 
  a kind of re-usable auth token (as per /boardroom) and act as shares in   
  the revenue of b0ase.com, whcih collect dividends. This makes the         
  b0ase.com platform itself attractive to use, althoguh we do need to be    
  careful since handcash, teh primary architecture on which we're relying   
  for BSV payments etc. charges $0.005 per TX after the first thousand TXs, 
  and I dont want a huge bill if we rack up thousands or millions of TXs    
  that use the b0ase.com handcash app. We MIGHT SERIOUSLY CONSIDER          
  migrating everythign we can to the BRC-100 BSV protocol stack since there 
  are lots of available protocols in there (.e.g BRC 77 etc.) that will     
  facilitate micro-paymetns on a much more granular scale. We dont want to  
  lsoe handcash functionality, but we also do not want to pay handcash      
  exhorbitant fees that will wreck our business. Key concern: b0ase.com is  
  becoming a contracting platform, one which logs interactions and data     
  sequentially as inscriptions on ordinal son BSV. We havent' quite figured 
  out the full architecture of that yet, but as I understand it, ordinals   
  is a filing system on BSV so it's ideally suited to record keeping. If we 
  do have a 'grand architecture' in mind already for b0ase.com we ought to  
  consider carefully how best to integrate micro-payments, tokens, ordinal  
  inscription and record keeping etc. etc. -- breaing in mind what you      
  already know. Create a feaisbilty styudiy for what I';ve suggested here.

  I'm also considering a mono repo for all of b0ase.com and the associtaed projects nad websites mostly linked in /wesbites 
  This is because I'm thinking that we can use the pipeline system to manage the development of all of these things and we migth want a flattened architecture that can incorporate the different components, making development much more efficeint. 
  This is risky, since Context limits might destroyt eh general viablity of the proposal and lead to a codebase which is impossibly large to manage, BUT it would help streamline developemnt if successful and allow for ultra-fast development and cohesion across what has arleady been built. 
  This is only a suggestion nad may take careful co-ordination to get right, but it will lead to less duplication of effort long term and offer significatn advanratages when fully implemented. 

  I absoluweteley LOVE PDF download will be implemented with actual contract system on https: //www.b0ase.com/user/account/contracts/service-agreement but I really want data like this contractual data to be committed to chain. 

  I had anotehr thougth about hiring employees and freeelancers for b0ase.com LTD. too. We need to pioneer a new model, one where we empower our employees to work using a claude-code max plan x20 ($200/month) in an IDE like Antigravity or Cursor. I want to use these specific tools to get everyone aligned so that they can take ownership of the development pipeline and develop out the business using the same tools that I use. 
  AI agents can be used to do the heavy lifting for many tasks, but having a human in the loop who is paid to push the tasks forward is useful and also, they can push development intiatives on their own which agents cannot. 
  Thought abotu rightly: An employee or freelancer, could be a founder and a developer, using the b0ase.com platform to develop and launch their ideas allows b0ase.com to take a small slice of equity in whatevr they decide to push out. 
  This gives employees a lot of autonomy, but it does mean sacrificying pure operational freedom since it would mean having to put in place processes for simulataneously developmetn with other users UNLESS we can develop the system enough at the /user/account level that they can simply use all the features of the platform without changing its fundamental architecture. 
  Perhasp what I'm sayign is that I want to make b0ase.com into a developmetn platform that is deeply integrated with git and blockchain, BSV payments tokens etc. and we want cohesion. 